Fix catalina Issues with mvn command (#91)
apache/oodt: deployment/docker/README.md

> # OODT-docker

Reviewer: Let's make "d" capital
```suggestion
# OODT Docker
```

Author: Fixed as suggested

> Automatic RADIX build for Apache OODT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automated RADIX build on Docker for Apache OODT
```

Author: Fixed as suggested

## Usage

> You should edit docker file replacing the parameters below with whatever you want before build the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should edit docker file replacing the parameters below with values you desire before building this image.
```

Author: Fixed as suggested

1. The groupId is a place to specify your company's namespace. 
    ```dockerfile
    -DgroupId = com.mycompany
    ```
2. The artifactId is a place to specify a short name of your project. 
    ```dockerfile
    -DartifactId = oodt
    ```
3. The version indicates the initial version label for your project. 
    ```dockerfile
    -Dversion = 0.1
    ``` 
4. The oodt flag indicates the version of OODT that you want your project to be built on. N.B., this should most likely match [the most recent version of OODT](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:org.apache.oodt).
    ```dockerfile
    -Doodt = 1.2.5
    ```

### Building OODT Docker Image

> Execute below command in a prompt which is opened where the Docker file placed. Replace any thing with `oodt_docker` as it is the name of your docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute below command in a prompt which is opened where the Docker file placed. Replace  `oodt_docker` with any name as it will be the name of your docker image.
```

Author: Fixed as suggested

```dockerfile
sudo docker build -t oodt_docker . 
```    

### Running OODT Docker Image
After your docker image successfully built, execute below prompt command.`oodt_docker` is the oodt docker image name.
```dockerfile

> sudo docker run -p 8080:8080 -name my_first_oodt -i -t oodt_docker

Author: Did you mean expose other services separately? 
as an example `sudo docker run -p 9000:9000 --name my_first_oodt -i -t oodt_docker` for start FileManager service.

> sudo docker run -p 8080:8080 -name my_first_oodt -i -t oodt_docker

Reviewer: @NGimhana No. Exposing them in a single command. Like
`sudo docker run -p 8080:8080 -p 9000:9000 -p 9001:9001 -name my_first_oodt -i -t oodt_docker` and etc. This will be helpful if a user wants to inject files to file manager and query just to play around. Later we can add capability to mount volumes for directories where data are stored (may be under the GSoC project).

> sudo docker run -p 8080:8080 -name my_first_oodt -i -t oodt_docker

Author: @IMS94, fixed as requested. Would you please review it.

```
The -p command forwards 8080 to localhost so you can login to opsui by visiting http://localhost:8080/opsui

> If you want access to the other services on the system you will also have to forward those ports locally.

Reviewer: @NGimhana This line can be removed now right? Once this is removed, I can merge this.

Author: @IMS94 I removed this line.
